President-elect Donald Trump accepts the US intelligence community's conclusion that Russia engaged in cyber attacks during the US presidential election and may take action in response, his incoming chief of staff said on Sunday.

Reince Priebus said Trump believed Russia was behind the intrusions into the Democratic Party organizations, although Priebus did not clarify whether the president-elect agreed that the hacks were directed by Russian President Vladimir Putin.

"He accepts the fact that this particular case was entities in Russia, so that's not the issue," Priebus said on "Fox News Sunday."

It was the first acknowledgment from a senior member of the Republican president-elect's team that Trump had accepted that Russia directed the hacking and subsequent disclosure of Democratic emails during the 2016 presidential election.

With less than two weeks until his Jan 20 inauguration, Trump has come under increasing pressure from fellow Republicans to accept intelligence community findings on Russian hacking and other attempts by Moscow to influence the Nov 8 election. A crucial test of Republican support for Trump comes this week with the first confirmation hearings for his Cabinet picks.

A US intelligence report last week said Putin directed a sophisticated influence campaign including cyber attacks to denigrate Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and support Trump.

The report, commissioned by Democratic President Barack Obama in December, concluded vote tallies were not affected by Russian interference, but did not assess whether it influenced the outcome of the vote in other ways.
'ACTION MAY BE TAKEN'

After receiving a briefing on Friday from leaders of the US intelligence agencies, Trump did not refer specifically to Russia's role in the presidential campaign.

Trump spokesman Sean Spicer told Reuters the president-elect's conclusions remained the same and that Priebus' comments were in line with Friday's statement.

Priebus' wording did not appear to foreshadow the dramatic reversal of Trump's apparent Russia policy that experts say would be required to deter further cyber attacks.

"It will take a lot more than what we heard on television today to make Putin cool it," the expert added. "In fact, there may not be anything that can deter Putin from pursuing a course he's bet his future and Russia's on," said a US intelligence expert on Russia, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss domestic political positions.

The expert added that Putin's "multifaceted campaign of cyber attacks and espionage, propaganda, financial leverage, fake news and traditional espionage" had expanded in the United States since the election, "and it will be a shock if it does not escalate in France, Germany and elsewhere this year."

Priebus, the former Republican National Committee chairman Trump tapped as White House chief of staff, said Trump planned to order the intelligence community to make recommendations as to what should be done. "Action may be taken," he said, adding there was nothing wrong with trying to have a good relationship with Russia and other countries.

Two senior Republican senators urged Trump to punish Russia in response to US intelligence agencies' conclusion that Putin personally directed efforts aimed at influencing the election.

Appearing on NBC's "Meet the Press," Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain said evidence was conclusive that Putin sought to influence the election - a point that Trump has refuted.

"In a couple weeks, Donald Trump will be the defender of the free world and democracy," Graham said. "You should let everybody know in America, Republicans and Democrats, that you're going to make Russia pay a price for trying to interfere."

On Saturday, Trump wrote on Twitter that having a better relationship with Russia was a "good thing."

US Representative Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said three US presidents had tried and failed to be friends with Putin.

"I'm just not sure it's possible," Nunes said on the "Fox News Sunday" program. "I've cautioned his administration to be careful with Putin, as he remains a bad actor."

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell agreed it was not unusual for a new president to want to get along with the Russians. He added on CBS, however, that the Russians remained a "big adversary, and they demonstrated it by trying to mess around in our election."

Obama, who himself tried to "reset" relations with Russia after he took office in 2009, told NBC he did not think he had underestimated the Russian president.

"But I think that I underestimated the degree to which, in this new information age, it is possible for misinformation for cyber hacking and so forth to have an impact on our open societies, our open systems, to insinuate themselves into our democratic practices in ways that I think are accelerating," he said in an interview with "Meet the Press" broadcast on Sunday.

"The Great Wall is an amazing sight, and it deserves to be seen in its best light," said William Lindesay in an interview with the BBC, after filming the wall from the air with the help of his family.

The Lindesays spent a total of 60 days tracing the world wonder with their drone in 2016, celebrating William's 60th birthday and his 30th year of living in China "for the wall", according to the BBC report.

William Lindesay is an Englishman living in Beijing, devoted to exploring, researching and protecting the mammoth construction.

Childhood dream

Lindesay was born in 1956, in Wallasey, a small town in north England. He studied geography and geology at Liverpool University.

His love of the Great Wall of China began when he was 11. The headmaster of his school asked students to put three books by the bedside: the Bible, a prayer book and an atlas.

Looking at the map of China in the atlas at one night, Lindesay came across the saw-tooth-like line that zigzags through the vast expanse of north China.

"I fell in love with it immediately," he said in an interview with China Daily. "I thought it would be a great journey, a great adventure if one day I could travel along it, from end to end."

Most people forget their childhood dreams and end up doing something else. "But I am one of those rare exceptions," Lindesay said.

Three decades for the wall

Lindesay's about 3,000-km solo run along the Great Wall began in 1987. It's an epic journey from the far west of China to the point where the structure meets the sea.

Running the length of the wall was a brave expedition, venturing into sparsely populated regions where there was little chance of help if the runner had a mishap.

The Briton endured extreme heat, giant blisters and chronic fatigue during the grueling run, which took place in two parts, during spring and fall, to avoid the more extreme heat of midsummer.

On one expedition out in the Gobi Desert, the explorer almost died from dehydration.

During another trip, Lindesay and his team ventured deep into the Gobi Desert of Mongolia, and located a previously unknown section of the wall.

In total, Lindesay estimates in an interview with China Daily, he has spent about 1,600 days of his life, or four full years, on the Great Wall in all seasons.

Lindesay's devotion to the wall is more than exploration. As of 2016, the 30th year of his journey along the Great Wall, he had published five books on the structure.

Lindesay is winner of the 1998 Friendship Award and 2008 Beijing Great Wall Friendship Award, according to the website of China's State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs. He also received the Order of the British Empire from the Queen in 2006 for his contribution to cultural exchanges between China and Britain.

Campaigning for the wall's environment

Lindesay and his wife, Wu Qi, whom he got to know and fell in love with during his trips in China, had a farmhouse at the foot of the wall.

During his exploration, he noticed some sections of the wall were badly damaged and covered with litter. Modernization and development were making the situation even worse.

"Some people say it will take generations to change; I say we don't have generations of time. It's got to be much quicker," he said.

A name card is usually a small piece of paper with a person's name, address, telephone number and professional title printed on it. But Lindesay uses a garbage bag as his calling card. The cloth bag bears a set of nine simple guidelines in Chinese, which calls on people to observe while traveling or camping outdoors: "Take your own garbage home," "Pick up litter left by others," "Don't damage plants or flowers, or pick fruit" and lots more.

Lindesay always carries a garbage bag with him in the wilderness, picking litter along the way.

In 2001, Lindesay founded the International Association of Friends on the Great Wall, which uses volunteers from across the planet to collect garbage and protect the wall.

Since 1994, he has organized two major "Great Wall Clean Ups", according to the information from his personal website.

His wife Wu is president-assistant of the association, and is also concerned with the wall's environment protection.

Thanks to his contribution to the protection of the wall, Yulin city in Shaanxi province made him an honorary citizen in 2007.

Now a permanent Chinese resident, Lindesay lives in Beijing with his wife and two sons. He believes children are the most influential members of society.

Yes, not only influential, but also very creative. The drone filming idea came from his sons. The filming results, as he sees them, have been "out of this world". It's definitely a great gift for his 60th birthday.

Barcelona saw their hopes of retaining the Liga Santander title slip further through their fingers when they were held to a 1-1 draw away to Villarreal on Sunday night.

Although Leo Messi scored his second free kick in just four days in the last minute of the game to cancel out Nico Sansone's opener for Villarreal, the two dropped points saw Barca slip to five points behind Real Madrid, who also have a game in hand, allowing Sevilla leapfrog over them into second place in the table.

Both sides saw good penalty claims for handball turned down by referee Iglesias Villanueva, but Barca were again playing short of their best as Andre Gomes produced another disappointing display, while Ivan Rakitic was again left out of the squad.

On Saturday, Real Madrid enjoyed their 39th unbeaten game thanks to a comfortable 5-0 win at home to struggling Granada.

Zinedine Zidane's side were in control from start to finish in their first league game in almost a month, and took the lead with a 12th minute Isco goal, before Karim Benzema, Cristiano Ronaldo and Isco (again) made it 4-0 by halftime.

Casemiro added a fifth in the second half in a match which highlighted Granada's problems as they find themselves deep in the relegation zone.

Meanwhile Sevilla, who are preparing to entertain Madrid in one week's time, managed to bag a 4-0 away win to Real Sociedad.

Sociedad went into the match with hopes of climbing into the top-four, but defensive errors condemned them to defeat in a game where Sevilla striker Wissam Ben Yedder scored a hat-trick and Pablo Sarabia added a fourth.

Atletico Madrid continued their recovery with a 2-0 win away to Eibar thanks to a solid defensive display coupled with second-half goals from Saul Niguez, which should have been ruled out for offside, and Antoine Griezmann's first league goal in 10 games.

Athletic Club missed a chance to close the gap on the top-four as they were held to a 0-0 draw by a hard-working and well-organized Alaves in a Basque derby in the San Mames stadium.

Celta Vigo however, enjoyed a convincing 3-1 win at home to Malaga to ruin Marcelo Romero's debut in the Malaga dugout following Juande Ramos' resignation before the holidays.

Celta played their typical flowing football and were rewarded after just seven minutes when Iago Aspes netted his 11th goal of the season. Daniel Wass doubled Celta's lead after 60 minutes and Andreu Fontas sealed the win in the 73rd minute before Wass blotted his copybook with an own goal five minutes from time.

Betis took a bit step towards safety with a 2-0 win at home to Leganes with second half goals from Ruben Castro and Matteo Piccini giving them a deserved victory after a dull first 45 minutes.

Nabil el Zhar's second half goal was enough to give an impressive Las Palmas all three points against a Sporting Gijon side which looks ill-equipped to avoid relegation.